cmd bsdconfig
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -h | getusage

cmd chsh
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd dhclient
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd fetch
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd fortune
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd freebsd-update
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd fstat
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd gstat
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd jexec
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd jls
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd kldload
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd kldunload
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd patch
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit --help | getusage

cmd pfctl
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd pkgconf
version 1.0.1
pack | getversion
emit -h | getusage

cmd portsnap
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd procstat
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd service
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd sockstat
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd sysrc
version 7.0
emit --version | field 1 | getversion
emit --help | getusage

cmd zfs
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd zpool
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

# Standard Unix Commands

cmd arp
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd apm
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd at
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
variant 'not have permission'
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd cat
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd chmod
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd chown
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd cmp
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd comm
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd cp
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd cpio
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd cut
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd date
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd df
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd dmesg
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd du
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd env
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd find
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd finger
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd fuser
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd head
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd iconv
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd id
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd ifconfig
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd iostat
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd gcore
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd getent
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd join
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd last
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd ldd
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd ln
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd locale
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd locate
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | grep -v 'default database' | getusage

cmd look
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd ls
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd make
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd mkdir
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd mount
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd mt
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd nl
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd od
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd ping
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd pgrep
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd ps
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd rm
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd script
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd sed
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd sort
version 2.3-FreeBSD
emit --version | getversion
emit --help | getusage

cmd su
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd sysctl
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd touch
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd tail
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd top
version 3.5beta12
emit -? | line 2 | field -1 | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd tr
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd truss
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit | getusage

cmd uname
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd uniq
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd vmstat
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd watch
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd wc
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage

cmd xargs
version 10.3-RELEASE-p7
uname -r | getversion
emit -? | getusage
